Specify expected behaviour when no traceparent is received (#475)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/20-http_request_header_format.md

## Mutating the traceparent Field

> A vendor receiving a request without a `traceparent` header SHOULD generate `traceparent` headers for outbound requests, effectively starting a new trace. A possible reason to not add `traceparent` to outbound requests is for performance reasons when the vendor decides to not sample this request. (Note that for most scenarios, vendors are expected to generate the header even when not sampling, to propagate the sampling decision downstream.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A vendor receiving a request without a `traceparent` header SHOULD generate `traceparent` headers for outbound requests, effectively starting a new trace. A possible reason for not doing this could be a performance sensitive scenario when the vendor decides to not sample a request. Note that for most scenarios, vendors are expected to generate the header even when not sampling, to propagate the sampling decision downstream.
```
